# === neon_dark_clean.mplstyle ===

# Fondo y ejes
figure.facecolor : black
axes.facecolor   : black
axes.edgecolor   : white
axes.labelcolor  : white
axes.labelsize   : medium
axes.titlecolor  : white
axes.titlesize   : large
axes.titleweight : normal
axes.titlelocation : center
axes.grid        : True
axes.grid.axis   : both
axes.grid.which  : major

# Cuadrícula personalizada
grid.color       : grey
grid.linestyle   : --
grid.linewidth   : 0.8
grid.alpha       : 1.0

# Fuente
font.family      : serif
font.serif       : Times New Roman
font.size        : 12.0

# Colores neón (sin errores de sintaxis)
axes.prop_cycle  : cycler(color=["#00bfff","#FF0055","#00FF66", "#ffa500", "#ff00ff", "#39ff14", "#ffff33"])

# Líneas
lines.linewidth  : 2.5
lines.markersize : 6.0

# Texto
text.color       : white

# Ticks
xtick.color      : white
xtick.labelsize  : medium
ytick.color      : white
ytick.labelsize  : medium

# Imagen
image.cmap       : inferno

# Guardado
savefig.facecolor : black
savefig.edgecolor : black
savefig.bbox      : tight

